In this lesson, we'll go over
the application architecture
for the mflix application.
Here is an overview of the
structure using the tree
command in my terminal.
The README.rst file contains
detailed instructions
for setting up your environment
as well as information
about the layout of the project.
The data directory contains
all of the source data
we'll be using for
the mflix application.
The dotini file here will
be modified and renamed
by you in this course, and it's
going to contain information
so that the application
can connect to your Atlas
cluster, as well as
other information
that the application
will use internally.
More on that later.
There are two directories
under the mflix directory--
api and build.
Api contains some flask root
handlers for the application,
and build contains the
front end application.
Both of these are
completed for you
to allow you to focus
solely on learning
to use PyMongo with MongoDB.
One note-- a few sections will
have you edit the index style
HTML file if necessary.
You can find it under and
mflix, build, index.html.
The db.py file is where most
of your effort will be focused.
It contains all of
the methods that
interact with the database.
Initially, most of
these would just
be stubs that you will have
to fill out with the required
functionality.
You do not need to have MongoDB
installed, as you'll be using
your own MongoDB Atlas cluster.
Factory.py contains
functionality
that assembles the FOS
application for running.
You don't have to
modify this file.
Lastly, the tests directory
contains all of the unit tests.
Throughout the course,
you'll be presented with labs
that we call tickets.
These will contain a user story
or some other instructions,
along with instructions for
running the particular test
suite for that ticket.
Once all of the
tests are passing
for that particular
task, you'll go
to the status page and the UI.
And that sums up the
application architecture.
Remember to read
the README.rst file,
as it contains detailed
setup instructions.
The API layer that
handles requests
when the application is
running is implemented
in movies.py and user.py.
Feel free to look at these
files, but do not modify them,
as doing so may prevent the
UI from validating correctly.
Db.py is where all
of the methods that
interact with Atlas
are located and where
you will be doing all
of your implementation.
The tests directory contains
all of the unit tests.
Make sure you read
them to see what is
being passed into the methods.
We also highly
recommend that you
focus on making one
test pass at a time.
If there are four or five unit
tests within the test file,
write enough functionality
to make one test pass.
Trying to make all of the
tests pass on your first try
can lead to a lot
of frustration.